v2:
Graphical visualization integrated

v3:
Chat interface fixed. Visible footer . Window scroll stopped

v4:
Enabled multi-user login(storage of user data in User table of the database)

v5:
Enabled edit database functionality

v6:
UI Improved (Light Mode)

v7:
Added Dark Mode + UI Further Enhanced 

v8:
Added Api Key Support and Interface

v9:
clerk vulnerabilities fixed

v10:
ploty menu bar removed from the data visualization

v11:
Improved Code Modularity, Added Delete Modal for deleting database and chats, redesigned add and edit database modal according to the set theme, Active/Inactive indicators for api keys enabled at the frontend,handled api key expiration logic in the backend.

v12:
Enable chatbot to remember recent messages(contextual awareness),not for API Keys. 

v13:
Jailbreak queries prevented

v14:
Handled exception for visualization

v15: 
Added Modal for New chat creation, Disabled create new key button in header when creation form is open, 
Improved UI for Empty Chat by disabling side panel and input box, Added Theme to Modals,
Enabled Auto Scrolling to latest chat when chat is active. Handled infinite get database api call bug

v16:
Added logic to include visualizations more often and if necessary.

v17:
Graceful Error Handling

v18:
Enable chatbot to remember recent messages(contextual awareness) when accessed through api key too.

v19: 
Add API Call Rate Limit using flask-limiter, Refactored Error Responses From Backend.

v20:
Updated logic to insert the user info into the user table instantly after login.

v20.1
Removed the dropdown for selecting the connected database for chat from header
Enforced one chat one database rule
Removed the glow effect from Connect Database button

Phase 3:
v21:
Table Description feature added(add Description buttn and respective modal integrated)
API endpoints to handle the same added

v21.1:
fine tuned the prompts to remember context properly

v21.2
Fixed The Description UI and Card Model UI.  

v21.3:
Imroved prompt to handle context management , fixed data visualization bug

v21.4:
Imroved prompt again to handle context management

v21.5:
Improved prompt to provide visualization more often.

v21.6:
Fixed generation and rendering of visualization
Handled prompt for facilitating comlex queries



v21.7:
1. Added More plots [ box plot, violin plot]
2. Fixed Pie chart bug
3. simplified exception handling for create visualization logic
